
1. "Faith is love taking the form of aspiration." — William Ellery Channing
2. "You can't cross the sea merely by standing and staring at the water." — Rabindranath Tagore
3. "No bird soars too high if he soars with his own wings." — William Blake
4. "Don't judge each day by the harvest you reap but by the seeds that you plant." — Robert Louis Stevenson
5. "I believe there's an inner power that makes winners or losers. And the winners are the ones who really listen to the truth of their hearts." — Sylvester Stallone
6. "It is our attitude at the beginning of a difficult task which, more than anything else, will affect its successful outcome." — William James
7. "Think like a queen. A queen is not afraid to fail. Failure is another stepping stone to greatness." — Oprah Winfrey
8. "Keep your feet on the ground, but let your heart soar as high as it will. Refuse to be average or to surrender to the chill of your spiritual environment." — Arthur Helps
9. "I hated every minute of training, but I said, 'Don't quit. Suffer now and live the rest of your life as a champion." — Muhammad Ali
10. "Don't stop when you're tired, stop when you're done." — David Goggins
11. "You define your own life. Don't let other people write your script." — Oprah Winfrey
12. "You are never too old to set another goal or to dream a new dream." — Malala Yousafzai
13. "People tell you the world looks a certain way. Parents tell you how to think. Schools tell you how to think. TV. Religion. And then at a certain point, if you're lucky, you realize you can make up your own mind. Nobody sets the rules but you. You can design your own life." — Carrie Ann Moss
14. "Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts." —Winston Churchill
15. "For me, becoming isn't about arriving somewhere or achieving a certain aim. I see it instead as forward motion, a means of evolving, a way to reach continuously toward a better self. The journey doesn't end." — Michelle Obama
16. "Spread love everywhere you go." — Mother Teresa
17. "Do not allow people to dim your shine because they are blinded. Tell them to put some sunglasses on." — Lady Gaga
18. "If you make your internal life a priority, then everything else you need on the outside will be given to you, and it will be extremely clear what the next step is." — Gabrielle Bernstein
19. "You don't always need a plan. Sometimes you just need to breathe, trust, let go and see what happens." — Mandy Hale
20. "No matter what people tell you, words and ideas can change the world." — Robin Williams as John Keating in Dead Poets Society
21. "What lies behind you and what lies in front of you, pales in comparison to what lies inside of you." — Ralph Waldo Emerson
22. "It always seems impossible until it's done." — Nelson Mandela
23. "I'm going to be gone one day, and I have to accept that tomorrow isn't promised. Am I OK with how I'm living today? It's the only thing I can help. If I didn't have another one, what have I done with all my todays? Am I doing a good job?" — Hayley Williams
24. "I am experienced enough to do this. I am knowledgeable enough to do this. I am prepared enough to do this. I am mature enough to do this. I am brave enough to do this." — Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez in Knock Down The House
25. "Belief creates the actual fact." — William James
26. "I'm not going to continue knocking that old door that doesn't open for me. I'm going to create my own door and walk through that." — Ava DuVernay
27. "You can be everything. You can be the infinite amount of things that people are." — Kesha
28. "It is during our darkest moments that we must focus to see the light." — Aristotle
29. "Not having the best situation, but seeing the best in your situation is the key to happiness." — Marie Forleo
30. "Believe you can, and you're halfway there." — Theodore Roosevelt
31. "Weaknesses are just strengths in the wrong environment." — Marianne Cantwell
32. "Just don't give up trying to do what you really want to do. Where there is love and inspiration, I don't think you can go wrong." — Ella Fitzgerald
33. "I've missed more than 9,000 shots in my career. I've lost almost 300 games. Twenty-six times, I've been trusted to take the game-winning shot and missed. I've failed over and over and over again in my life. And that is why I succeed." — Michael Jordan
34. "In a gentle way, you can shake the world." — Mahatma Gandhi
35. "Learning how to be still, to really be still and let life happen—that stillness becomes a radiance." — Morgan Freeman
36. "Everyone has inside of him a piece of good news. The good news is that you don't know how great you can be! How much you can love! What you can accomplish! And what your potential is!" — Anne Frank
37. "All you need is the plan, the road map and the courage to press on to your destination." — Earl Nightingale
38. "I care about decency and humanity and kindness. Kindness today is an act of rebellion." — Pink
39. "If you have good thoughts they will shine out of your face like sunbeams and you will always look lovely." — Roald Dahl
40. "Try to be a rainbow in someone else's cloud." — Maya Angelou
41. "We must let go of the life we have planned, so as to accept the one that is waiting for us." — Joseph Campbell
42. "Find out who you are and be that person. That's what your soul was put on this earth to be. Find that truth, live that truth and everything else will come." — Ellen DeGeneres
43. "Real change, enduring change, happens one step at a time." — Ruth Bader Ginsburg
44. "Wake up determined, go to bed satisfied." — Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson
45. "Nobody is built like you; you design yourself." — Jay-Z
46. "You gain strength, courage and confidence by every experience in which you really stop to look fear in the face. You are able to say to yourself, 'I lived through this horror. I can take the next thing that comes along.' You must do the thing you think you cannot do." — Eleanor Roosevelt
47. "I tell myself, 'You've been through so much, you've endured so much, time will allow me to heal and soon this will be just another memory that made me the strong woman, athlete and mother I am today."' — Serena Williams
48. "Live your beliefs, and you can turn the world around." — Henry David Thoreau
49. "Our lives are stories in which we write, direct and star in the leading role. Some chapters are happy while others bring lessons to learn, but we always have the power to be the heroes of our own adventures." — Joelle Speranza
50. "Life is like riding a bicycle. To keep your balance, you must keep moving." — Albert Einstein
51. "Don't try to lessen yourself for the world; let the world catch up to you." — Beyoncé
52. "There's nothing more powerful than not giving a f—k." — Amy Schumer
53. "When you have a dream, you've got to grab it and never let go." — Carol Burnett
54. "When it comes to luck, you make your own." — Bruce Springsteen
55. "If you don't like the road you're walking, start paving another one!" — Dolly Parton
56. "I have learned over the years that when one's mind is made up, this diminishes fear; knowing what must be done does away with fear." — Rosa Parks
57. "The moral of my story is the Sun always comes out after the storm. Being optimistic and surrounding yourself with positive, loving people is, for me, living life on the sunny side of the street." — Janice Dean
58. "We generate fears while we sit. We overcome them by action." — Dr. Henry Link
59. "Dreams don't have to just be dreams. You can make it a reality; if you just keep pushing and keep trying, then eventually you'll reach your goal. And if that takes a few years, then that's great, but if it takes 10 or 20, then that's part of the process." — Naomi Osaka
66. "What you get by achieving your goals is not as important as what you become by achieving your goals." — Zig Ziglar
61. "I've noticed when I fear something, if I just end up doing it, I'm grateful in the end." — Colleen Hoover
62. "Work hard, know your s—t, show your s—t and then feel entitled." — Mindy Kaling
63. "We've been making our own opportunities, and as you prove your worth and value to people, they can't put you in a box. You hustle it into happening, right?" — Jennifer Lopez
64. "When you've seen beyond yourself, then you may find peace of mind is waiting there." — George Harrison
65. "Out of the mountain of despair, a stone of hope." — Martin Luther King, Jr.
66. "We are not our best intentions. We are what we do." — Amy Dickinson
67. "I'm realizing how much I've diminished my own power. I'm not doing that no more." — Alicia Keys
68. "You are never too old to set another goal or to dream a new dream." — C.S. Lewis
69. "I believe that if you'll just stand up and go, life will open up for you. Something just motivates you to keep moving." — Tina Turner
70. "How wild it was, to let it be." — Cheryl Strayed
71. "The simple act of listening to someone and making them feel as if they have truly been heard is a most treasured gift." — L. A. Villafane
72. "You have to be where you are to get where you need to go." — Amy Poehler
73. "Don't be afraid. Because you're going to be afraid. But remember when you become afraid, just don't be afraid." — Joan Jett
74. "We need to take risks. We need to go broke. We need to prove them wrong, simply by not giving up." — Awkwafina
75. "The only limit to our realization of tomorrow will be our doubts today." — Franklin Delano Roosevelt
76. "It is never too late to be what you might have been." — George Eliot
77. "You do not find the happy life. You make it." — Camilla Eyring Kimball
78. "We all have problems. But it's not what happens to us, [it's] the choices we make after." — Elizabeth Smart
79. "When we choose to trust the journey and embrace love and joy, we are free to fly." — Annicken R. Day
80. "You don't have to be defined or confined by your environment, by your family circumstances and certainly not by your race or gender." — Mariah Carey
81. "Definitions belong to the definers, not the defined." — Toni Morrison
82. "You must find the place inside yourself where nothing is impossible." — Deepak Chopra
83. "Whatever you think the world is withholding from you, you are withholding from the world." — Eckhart Tolle
84. "Perfection is not attainable, but if we chase perfection we can catch excellence." — Vince Lombardi
85. "A lot of people are afraid to say what they want. That's why they don't get what they want." — Madonna
86. "We have to let go of who we think we should be and embrace what is." — Achea Redd
87. "Being vulnerable is a strength, not a weakness." — Selena Gomez
88. "In order for the light to shine so brightly, the darkness must be present." — Sir Francis Bacon
89. "I don't look ahead. I'm right here with you. It's a good way to be." — Danny DeVito
90. "It ain't about how hard you hit. It's about how hard you can get hit and keep moving forward." — Sylvester Stallone in Rocky Balboa
91. "I will not let anyone scare me out of my full potential." — Nicki Minaj
92. "Clouds come floating into my life, no longer to carry rain or usher storm, but to add color to my sunset sky." — Rabindranath Tagore
93. "Trying to grow up is hurting. You make mistakes. You try to learn from them, and when you don't, it hurts even more." — Aretha Franklin
94. "Never bend your head. Always hold it high. Look the world straight in the eye." —Helen Keller
95. "Let love rule." — Lenny Kravitz
96. "The power of imagination makes us infinite." — John Muir
97. "The only journey is the one within." — Rainer Maria Rilke
98. "If my mind can conceive it, if my heart can believe it, then I can achieve it." — Muhammad Ali
99. "Embrace the glorious mess that you are." — Elizabeth Gilbert
100. "At the end of the day, whether or not those people are comfortable with how you're living your life doesn't matter. What matters is whether you're comfortable with it." — Dr. Phil
101. "We have to be better. We have to love more, hate less. We've gotta listen more and talk less. We've gotta know that this is everybody's responsibility." — Meghan Rapinoe
102. "The best preparation for tomorrow is doing your best today." — H. Jackson Brown Jr.
103. "The best way out is always through." — Robert Frost
104. "Someone is sitting in the shade today because someone planted a tree a long time ago." — Warren Buffet
105. "I just want you to know that if you are out there and you are being really hard on yourself right now for something that has happened...it's normal. That is what is going to happen to you in life. No one gets through unscathed. We are all going to have a few scratches on us. Please be kind to yourselves and stand up for yourself, please." — Taylor Swift
106. "If you believe in yourself and have dedication and pride and never quit, you'll be a winner. The price of victory is high, but so are the rewards." — Bear Bryant
107. "Thousands of candles can be lighted from a single candle, and the life of the candle will not be shortened. Happiness never decreases by being shared." — Buddha
108. "Start by doing what's necessary; then, do what's possible; and suddenly you are doing the impossible." — Francis of Assisi
109. "Put your heart, mind and soul into even your smallest acts. This is the secret to success." — Swami Sivananda
110. "We can't help everyone, but everyone can help someone." — Ronald Reagan
111. "The only way to discover the limits of the possible is to go beyond them into the impossible." — Arthur C. Clarke
112. "Shoot for the Moon, and if you miss, you will still be among the stars." — Les Brown
113. "If we did all the things we are capable of, we would literally astound ourselves." — Thomas Edison
114. "Let us remember: One book, one pen, one child and one teacher can change the world." — Malala Yousafzai
115. "Whatever you vividly imagine, ardently desire, sincerely believe and enthusiastically act upon...must inevitably come to pass!" — Paul J. Meyer
116. "Don't limit yourself. Many people limit themselves to what they think they can do. You can go as far as your mind lets you. What you believe, remember, you can achieve." — Mary Kay Ash
117. "I believe every human has a finite number of heartbeats. I don't intend to waste any of mine." — Neil Armstrong
118. "You make a choice: continue living your life feeling muddled in this abyss of self-misunderstanding, or you find your identity independent of it. You draw your own box." — Duchess Meghan
119. "A champion is someone who gets up when he can't." — Jack Dempsey
120. "Too low they build, who build beneath the stars." — Edward Young
121. "From a small seed a mighty trunk may grow." — Aeschylus
122. "I believe that if one always looked at the skies, one would end up with wings." — Gustave Flaubert
123. "Life isn't about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself." — George Bernard Shaw
124. "What you lack in talent can be made up with desire, hustle and giving 110% all the time." — Don Zimmer
125. "It takes courage to grow up and become who you really are." — E.E. Cummings
126. "The best way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing." — Walt Disney
127. "It's not whether you get knocked down, it's whether you get back up." — Vince Lombardi
128. "We may encounter many defeats, but we must not be defeated." — Maya Angelou
129. "For every reason it's not impossible, there are hundreds of people who have faced the same circumstances and succeeded." — Jack Canfield
130. "If you can change your mind, you can change your life." — William James
131. "Be courageous. Challenge orthodoxy. Stand up for what you believe in. When you are in your rocking chair talking to your grandchildren many years from now, be sure you have a good story to tell." — Amal Clooney
132. "We cannot solve our problems with the same thinking we used to create them." — Albert Einstein
133. "While one person hesitates because he feels inferior, the other is busy making mistakes and becoming superior." — Henry Link
134. "You've got to get up every morning with determination if you're going to go to bed with satisfaction." — George Lorimer
135. "Go as far as you can see; when you get there, you'll be able to see further." — Thomas Carlyle
136. "To see what is right and not do is a lack of courage." — Confucius
137. "The only limits you have are the limits you believe." — Wayne Dyer
138. "Don't count the days. Make the days count." — Muhammad Ali
139. "Failure will never overtake me if my determination to succeed is strong enough." — Og Mandino
140. "You don't have to be great to start, but you have to start to be great." — Zig Ziglar
141. "My mission in life is not merely to survive, but to thrive." — Maya Angelou
142. "When a person really desires something, all the universe conspires to help that person to realize his dream." — Paulo Coelho
143. "Our greatest glory is not in never failing, but in rising up every time we fail." — Ralph Waldo Emerson
144. "Keep your face always toward the sunshine, and shadows will fall behind you." — Walt Whitman
145. "Today's accomplishments were yesterday's impossibilities." — Robert H. Schuller
146. "There are no limits to what you can accomplish, except the limits you place on your own thinking." — Brian Tracy
147. "When one door closes, sometimes we need to turn the knob to open another." — J.A. Tran
148. "Leaders set high standards, refuse to tolerate mediocrity or poor performance." — Brian Tracy
149. "May your choices reflect your hopes, not your fears." — Nelson Mandela
150. "Fake it until you make it! Act as if you had all the confidence you require until it becomes your reality." — Brian Tracy
151. "Everything you've ever wanted is on the other side of fear." — George Addair
152. "Develop success from failures. Discouragement and failure are two of the surest stepping stones to success." — Dale Carnegie
153. "Doubt kills more dreams than failure ever will." — Suzy Kassem
154. "Everything you want is out there waiting for you to ask. Everything you want also wants you. But you have to take action to get it." — Jules Renard
155. "A #2 pencil and a dream can take you anywhere." — Joyce Meyer
156. "We have it in our power to begin the world over again." — Thomas Paine
157. "Life has got all those twists and turns. You've got to hold on tight and off you go." — Nicole Kidman
158. "Turn your face to the Sun and the shadows fall behind you." — Unknown
159. "Out of difficulties grow miracles." — Jean de la Bruyere
160. "What we achieve inwardly will change outer reality." — Plutarch
161. "I've been absolutely terrified every moment of my life, and I've never let it keep me from doing a single thing I wanted to do." — George O'Keeffe
162. "The most authentic thing about us is our capacity to create, to overcome, to endure, to transform, to love and be greater than our suffering." — Ben Okri
163. "It is in your moments of decision that your destiny is shaped." — Tony Robbins
164. "Even if I knew that tomorrow the world would go to pieces, I would still plant my apple tree." — Martin Luther
165. "Your present circumstances don't determine where you can go; they merely determine where you start." — Nido Qubein
166. "Do your little bit of good where you are; it's those little bits of good put together that overwhelm the world." — Desmond Tutu
167. "To the mind that is still, the whole universe surrenders." — Lao Tzu
168. "If opportunity doesn't knock, build a door." — Milton Berle
169. "I can't change the direction of the wind, but I can adjust my sails to always reach my destination." — Jimmy Dean
170. "The bad news is time flies. The good news is you're the pilot." — Michael Altshuler
171. "Change the world by being yourself." — Amy Poehler
172. "You get what you give." — Jennifer Lopez
173. "It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop." — Confucius
174. "Our greatest weakness lies in giving up. The most certain way to succeed is always to try just one more time." — Thomas Edison
175. "Believe in yourself! Have faith in your abilities! Without a humble but reasonable confidence in your own powers, you cannot be successful or happy." — Norman Vincent Peale
176. "If you can dream it, you can do it." — Walt Disney
177. "Keep your eyes on the stars, and your feet on the ground." — Theodore Roosevelt
178. "Fatigue will never overtake me if my determination to succeed is strong enough." — Og Mandino
179. "There is only one corner of the universe you can be certain of improving, and that's your own self." — Aldous Huxley
180. "You just can't beat the person who never gives up." — Babe Ruth
181. "Set your goals high, and don't stop till you get there." — Bo Jackson
182. "Be miserable. Or motivate yourself. Whatever has to be done, it's always your choice." — Wayne Dyer
183. "There is nothing impossible to they who will try." — Alexander the Great
184. "Never give up, for that is just the place and time that the tide will turn." — Harriet Beecher Stowe
185. "Change your life today. Don't gamble on the future, act now, without delay." — Simone de Beauvoir
186. "Opportunity does not knock; it presents itself when you beat down the door." — Kyle Chandler
187. "Your talent is God's gift to you. What you do with it is your gift back to God." — Leo Buscaglia
188. "If you fell down yesterday, stand up today." — H.G. Wells
189. "The secret of getting ahead is getting started." — Mark Twain
190. "Setting goals is the first step in turning the invisible into the visible." — Tony Robbins
191. "Nothing is impossible. The word itself says 'I'm possible!'" — Audrey Hepburn
192. "You will never win if you never begin." — Helen Rowland
193. "What you do today can improve all your tomorrows." — Ralph Marston
194. "Optimism is the faith that leads to achievement. Nothing can be done without hope and confidence." — Helen Keller
195. "Quality is not an act; it is a habit." — Aristotle
196. "If you're going through hell, keep going." — Winston Churchill
197. "Good, better, best. Never let it rest. 'Til your good is better and your better is best." — St. Jerome
198. "Ever tried? Ever failed? No matter. Try again. Fail again. Fail better." — Samuel Beckett
199. "Change the game, don't let the game change you." — Macklemore
200. "Do what you can with all you have, wherever you are." — Theodore Roosevelt
1. “Write it on your heart that every day is the best day in the year.” - Ralph Waldo Emerson
2. “I get up every morning and it's going to be a great day. You never know when it's going to be over, so I refuse to have a bad day.” - Paul Henderson
3. “Today's goals: Coffee and kindness. Maybe two coffees, and then kindness.” - Nanea Hoffman
4. “An early-morning walk is a blessing for the whole day.” - Henry David Thoreau
5. “I wake up every morning at nine and grab for the morning paper. Then I look at the obituary page. If my name is not on it, I get up.” - Benjamin Franklin
6. “Every morning, I wake up saying, 'I'm still alive, a miracle.' And so I keep on pushing.” — Jim Carrey
7. “If you're changing the world, you're working on important things. You're excited to get up in the morning.” - Larry Page
8. “When you arise in the morning, think of what a precious privilege it is to be alive, to breathe, to think, to enjoy, to love.” - Marcus Aurelius
9. “I like freedom. I wake up in the morning and say, 'I don't know, should I have a popsicle or a donut?' You know, who knows?” - Oscar Nunez
10. “Smile in the mirror. Do that every morning and you'll start to see a big difference in your life.” - Yoko Ono
11. “Some people dream of success, while other people get up every morning and make it happen.” - Wayne Huizenga
12. “Morning comes whether you set the alarm or not.” - Ursula K. Le Guin
13. “I used to love night best but the older I get the more treasures and hope and joy I find in mornings.” - Terri Guillemets
14. “Morning is an important time of day, because how you spend your morning can often tell you what kind of day you are going to have.” - Lemony Snicket
15. “It is in the early morning hour that the unseen is seen, and that the far-off beauty and glory, vanquishing all their vagueness, move down upon us till they stand clear as crystal close over against the soul.” - Sarah Smiley
16. “Everyone has highs and lows that they have to learn from, but every morning I start off with a good head on my shoulders, saying to myself, 'It's going to be a good day!” - Lindsay Lohan
17. “I'm always thinking about creating. My future starts when I wake up every morning. Every day I find something creative to do with my life.” - Miles Davis
18. “Lose an hour in the morning, and you will spend all day looking for it.” - Richard Whately
19. “Now that your eyes are open, make the sun jealous with your burning passion to start the day. Make the sun jealous or stay in bed.” - Malak El Halabi
20. “First thing every morning before you arise say out loud, 'I believe,' three times.” - Ovid
21. “I remind myself every morning: Nothing I say this day will teach me anything. So if I'm going to learn, I must do it by listening.” - Larry King
22. “I wake up laughing. Yes, I wake up in the morning and there I am just laughing my head off.” - Bruce Willis
23. “When I wake up in the morning, I feel like a billionaire without paying taxes.” - Ernie Banks
24. “If you get up in the morning and think the future is going to be better, it is a bright day. Otherwise, it's not.” - Elon Musk
25. “Every morning was a cheerful invitation to make my life of equal simplicity, and I may say innocence, with Nature herself.” - Henry David Thoreau (101 Nature Quotes)
26. “In these times you have to be an optimist to open your eyes when you awake in the morning.” - Carl Sandburg
27. “I like to work in the morning. I like to sometimes go to a place where I'm all alone where I'm not going to get a phone call early that hurts my feelings, because once my feelings are hurt, I'm dead in the water.” - Francis Ford Coppola
28. “Something special awaits you each day. All you need is to recognize it and make the most of it. Have a positive attitude throughout the day and then that today is going to be the best day of your life.” — Anonymous
29. “You know that feeling when you wake up in the morning and you're excited for the day? That's one of my main goals in life.” - Kirsten Dunst
30. “I learned to love myself, because I sleep with myself every night and I wake up with myself every morning, and if I don't like myself, there's no reason to even live the life.” - Gabourey Sidibe
31. “I arise in the morning torn between a desire to improve the world and a desire to enjoy the world.” - E. B. White
32. “One key to success is to have lunch at the time of day most people have breakfast.” - Robert Brault
33. “I wake up in the morning and my heart is light, man. It's not heavy. I don't have skeletons in the closet on their way out.” - Drake
34. “Every morning, my dad would have me looking in the mirror and repeat: “Today is going to be a great day; I can, and I will.” - Gina Rodriguez
35. “The breeze at dawn has secrets to tell you. Don't go back to sleep.” - Rumi
36. “With the new day comes new strength and new thoughts.” - Eleanor Roosevelt
37. “I have always been delighted at the prospect of a new day, a fresh try, one more start, with perhaps a bit of magic waiting somewhere behind the morning.” - J. B. Priestley
38. “What is love? It is the morning and the evening star.” - Sinclair Lewis
39. “Morning without you is a dwindled dawn.” - Emily Dickinson
40. “For each new morning let there be flow of love. Let there be light of happiness in every direction.” - Amit Ray
41. “When you do something beautiful and nobody noticed, do not be sad. For the sun every morning is a beautiful spectacle, and yet most of the audience still sleeps.”- John Lennon
42. “It is a serious thing - just to be alive - on this fresh morning - in this broken world.” - Mary Oliver
43. “Nobody can go back and start a new beginning, but anyone can start today and make a new ending.” - Maria Robinson
44. “Do not shorten the morning by getting up late; look upon it as the quintessence of life, as to a certain extent sacred.” - Arthur Schopenhauer
45. “I never wake up in the morning and wonder why I am here. I wake up and wonder why I am not making here better.” - Jeffrey Fry
46. “I like my coffee black and my mornings bright.” - Terri Guillemets
47. “The sun is a daily reminder that we too can rise again from the darkness, that we too can shine our own light.” - S. Ajna
48. “When everything seems to be going against you, remember that the airplane takes off against the wind, not with it.” - Henry Ford
49. “Life is what we make it, always has been, always will be.” - Grandma Moses
50. “Be the person that when your feet touch the floor in the morning the devil says, “Awe sh*t, they're up”. - Dwayne Johnson
51. “It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop.” - Confucius
52. “Rise up, start fresh see the bright opportunity in each day.” - Anonymous
54. “For the past 33 years, I have looked in the mirror every morning and asked myself: 'If today were the last day of my life, would I want to do what I am about to do today?' And whenever the answer has been 'No' for too many days in a row, I know I need to change something.” — Steve Jobs
55. “The biggest task in the morning is to try to keep my headspace from being invaded by the outside world.” — Austin Kleon
56. “In the morning a man walks with his whole body; in the evening, only with his legs.” - Ralph Waldo Emerson
57. “There are so many reasons to be thankful every day. I am thankful for you.” — Anonymous
58. “Let me wake up next to you, have coffee in the morning and wander through the city with your hand in mine, and I'll be happy for the rest of my little life.” - Charlotte Eriksson
59. “You have bewitched me, body and soul, and I love … I love … I love you. I never wish to be parted from you from this day on.” — Pride and Prejudice
60. “Morning without you is a dwindled dawn.“ — Emily Dickinson
61. “The next morning dawned bright and sweet, like ribbon candy.“ — Sarah Addison Allen
62. "I've got nothing to say but it's okay, good morning, good morning" — The Beatles
63. “The morning is good because we remember that no matter what went wrong the previous days, we just got a perfect opportunity to rewrite history and do better.” — Anonymous
64. “Some times just lie in bed, don't make an effort to rush off into the morning, listen to the earth rouse from sleep and you'll understand how perfect life is designed to be.” — Anonymous
65. “The brain is a wonderful organ; it starts working the moment you get up in the morning and does not stop until you get into the office.” — Robert Frost
66. "Everything in your life is dictated by you. Be who you want to be. Think positive thoughts and great things will happen to you." — Anonymous
67. "Being happy or sad, gloomy or excited, moody or stable … are options that are presented to you every morning. You just have to make the right choice." — Anonymous
68. “You may be disappointed if you fail, but you are doomed if you don't try.” - Beverly Sills
69. "The greatest glory in living lies not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall." — Nelson Mandela
70. "The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing." — Walt Disney
71. "If you set your goals ridiculously high and it's a failure, you will fail above everyone else's success." — James Cameron
72. "If life were predictable it would cease to be life, and be without flavor." — Eleanor Roosevelt
73. "Spread love everywhere you go. Let no one ever come to you without leaving happier." — Mother Teresa
74. "Don't judge each day by the harvest you reap but by the seeds that you plant." — Robert Louis Stevenson
75. "Do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leave a trail." — Ralph Waldo Emerson
76. "In the end, it's not the years in your life that count. It's the life in your years." — Abraham Lincoln
77. "You have brains in your head. You have feet in your shoes. You can steer yourself any direction you choose." — Dr. Seuss
78. "Never let the fear of striking out keep you from playing the game." — Babe Ruth
79. "Go confidently in the direction of your dreams! Live the life you've imagined." — Henry David Thoreau
80. "Life itself is the most wonderful fairy tale." — Hans Christian Andersen
81. "Do not let making a living prevent you from making a life." — John Wooden
82. "Keep smiling, because life is a beautiful thing and there's so much to smile about." — Marilyn Monroe
83. "Success is not final; failure is not fatal: It is the courage to continue that counts." — Winston S. Churchill
84. "The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing." — Walt Disney
85. "The real test is not whether you avoid this failure, because you won't. It's whether you let it harden or shame you into inaction, or whether you learn from it; whether you choose to persevere." — Barack Obama
86. Your current life is the result of your previous choices, if you want something different, begin to choose differently. - Joe Tichio
87. “I put my phone as far across the room as possible the night before to force me out of bed when the alarm goes off.” - Josh Gross 
88. "One day you will wake up and there won't be any more time to do the things you've always wanted. Do it now." - Paulo Coelho
89. "Worry never robs tomorrow of its sorrow, it only saps today of its joy." - Leo Buscaglia
90. "Watch your thoughts; they become words. Watch your words; they become actions. Watch your actions; they become habit. Watch your habits; they become character. Watch your character; it becomes your destiny." - Lao Tzu
91. "We think, mistakenly, that success is the result of the amount of time we put in at work, instead of the quality of time we put in." - Arianna Huffington
92. "Your first ritual that you do during the day is the highest leveraged ritual, by far, because it has the effect of setting your mind, and setting the context, for the rest of your day." - Eben Pagan
93. "A day without laughter is a day wasted." - Charlie Chaplin
94. "These morning practices are what fuel me; keeping my routine is not about willpower." - Jenny Blake
95. "The repetition becomes the important thing; it's a form of mesmerism. I mesmerize myself to reach a deeper state of mind." - Haruki Murakami
96. “When I'm just waking up I like to keep a space for my own thoughts and ideas. Checking my phone is not a priority of mine.” - Andre D. Wagner
97. "Whether the day is for writing, designing, or painting, the consistent practice of a morning routine is the doorway into it all." - Elle Luna
98. “When I'm tempted to skip my morning routine or another form of self-care, I remind myself that I can better serve the people I love and the projects I care about when I start with me.” - Courtney Carver
99. “I care less about my wake-up time than about the number of hours slept.” - Rachel Binx
100. “Waking up early, connecting with nature, and having my quiet time are priorities to me, and they are non-negotiable.” - Danette May
101. "Starting my day with exercise gives me a big mood and energy boost throughout the day and makes me feel like I've accomplished something right off the bat.” - Jake Knapp 
102. “If I need to remind myself to bring something with me in the morning, I'll usually put my car keys on top of it.” - Des Traynor
103. “My principal motivation is supporting my family, which is not a bad reason for getting up in the morning. That's always been my motivation - to take care of the people who rely on me.” - Tony Parsons
104. “She believed a cup of coffee marked the beginning of each day.” — Anonymous
105. “She woke up every morning with the option of being anyone she wished. How beautiful it was that she always chose herself.”- Tyler Kent White
106. “The best love is the kind that awakens the soul; that makes us reach for more, that plants the fire in our hearts and brings peace to our minds. That's what I hope to give you forever.“ — Nicholas Sparks
107. “When the sun came up… I couldn't tell where heaven stopped and the Earth began.” — Tom Hanks
108. "The world is full of dreamers, there aren't enough who will move ahead and begin to take concrete steps to actualize their vision." - W. Clement Stone 
109. “If I fail to follow my morning routine I try to get a hard workout in. A hard workout is like a manual restart of the day.” - Aubrey Marcus
110. "In one minute you can change your attitude, and in that minute you can change your entire day." - Spencer Johnson
111. “Mornings are so precious because it's when I'm most productive. For me, thirty minutes at 5:30 am is equivalent to at least an hour at 3:00 pm.” - Whitney Johnson
112. “When I find something I value, I systematize it into my daily habits. Then I live by my values freely and effortlessly.” - Joshua Spodek
113. “The most important thing I do each morning is steady myself by not allowing a sense of urgency to penetrate.” - Matthew Weatherley-White
114. “Front-loading my day (getting a whole bunch done in the morning) is my productivity secret.” — Celeste Headlee
115. “If I can feel like the chaos [of the day ahead] is at least known, I can dive in with more composure.” - Wendy McKennon
116. “I find that checking my phone [in the morning] tramples over my positive vibes, because we all know that checking messages is like rattling a wasp nest.” - Stephanie Lee
117. “There is enormous power in nailing your morning routine, but there's even more power in adapting to it when it doesn't happen as we'd like.” - Terri Schneider
118. “The silence in the morning holds lots of expectations and is more hopeful than the silence at night.” - Victoria Durnak
119. “Eating right and taking the time to slow down and plan in the morning is crucial to a productive day.” - David Moore 
120. “I've found that the first thirty minutes of my day have the biggest impact on how I feel for the rest of my waking hours.” - Molli Sullivan
121. “For many years, my morning routine was a result of how other people expected me to show up. I was overwhelmed and off-center because I was ignoring the messages my body was sending me.” - Amber Rae
122. “It is never too late to be what you might have been.” - George Eliot
123.  “Either write something worth reading or do something worth writing.” - Benjamin Franklin
124. “Your imagination is your preview of life's coming attractions.” - Albert Einstein
125. “There's always a sunrise and always a sunset and it's up to you to choose to be there for it,' said my mother. 'Put yourself in the way of beauty.”— Cheryl Strayed
126. “You can only come to the morning through the shadows.”— J.R.R. Tolkien
127. “If the world were merely seductive, that would be easy. If it were merely challenging, that would be no problem. But I arise in the morning torn between a desire to improve the world and a desire to enjoy the world. This makes it hard to plan the day.”— E.B. White
128. “Those who dream by night in the dusty recesses of their minds wake up in the day to find it was vanity, but the dreamers of the day are dangerous men, for they may act their dreams with open eyes, to make it possible.”— T.E. Lawrence
129. “The day will be what you make it, so rise, like the sun, and burn.” — William C. Hannan
130. “Someday is not a day of the week.” - Denise Brennan-Nelson
131. “True terror is to wake up one morning and discover that your high school class is running the country.” — Kurt Vonnegut
132. “It isn't as bad as you sometimes think it is. It all works out. Don't worry. I say that to myself every morning.”—Gordon B. Kinkley
133. “Given another shot at life, I would seize every minute of it … look at it and really see it … try it on … live it … exhaust it … and never give that minute back until there was nothing left of it.” — Erma Bombeck
134. “Get up in the morning and look at the world in a way that takes nothing for granted. Everything is phenomenal; everything is incredible; never treat life casually. To be spiritual is to be amazed.”— Abraham Joshua Heschel
135. “There is no sunrise so beautiful that it is worth waking me up to see it.” — Mindy Kaling
136. “The scariest thought in the world is that someday I'll wake up and realize I've been sleepwalking through my life: under-appreciating the people I love, making the same hurtful mistakes over and over, a slave to neuroses, fear and the habitual. “ — George Saunders
137. “Sometimes you climb out of bed in the morning and you think, I'm not going to make it, but you laugh inside—remembering all the times you've felt that way.”  — Charles Bukowski
138. “So fine was the morning except for a streak of wind here and there that the sea and sky looked all one fabric, as if sails were stuck high up in the sky, or the clouds had dropped down into the sea.” — Virginia Woolf
139. “Before I leave the house, I say five things I love about myself, like 'You have really pretty eyes.' That way I can go out into the world with that little bit of extra confidence.” — Jennifer Love Hewitt
140. “The moment when you first wake up in the morning is the most wonderful of the 24 hours. No matter how weary or dreary you may feel, you possess the certainty that, during the day that lies before you, absolutely anything may happen. And the fact that it practically always doesn't, matters not a jot. The possibility is always there.” — Monica Baldwin
141. “Your morning sets up the success of your day. So many people wake up and immediately check text messages, emails, and social media. I use my first hour awake for my morning routine of breakfast and meditation to prepare myself.” — Caroline Ghosn
142.  “You've got to wake up each day and understand what that day is about; you've got to have personal goals. Be flexible in getting to those goals, but if you do not have goals, you will not achieve them.” — Cary Cohn
143. "It is a myth that you need to rise and shine to have a good start to a day. You can roll around in bed thinking about friends like me and you will still have a great start to the day." — Anonymous
144. “If you want to make your dreams come true, the first thing you have to do is wake up.” - J.M. Power
145. “When one begins to turn in bed, it is time to get up.” - Arthur Wellesley
146. 11. “Your attitude is like a box of crayons that color your world. Constantly color your picture gray, and your picture will always be bleak. Try adding some bright colors to the picture by including humor, and your picture begins to lighten up.” - Allen Klein
147. “Clear, written goals have a wonderful effect on your thinking. They motivate you and galvanize you into action. They stimulate your creativity, release your energy, and help you to overcome procrastination as much as any other factor.” - Brian Tracy
148.  “A good plan today is better than a perfect plan tomorrow.” - George S. Patton
149. “Don't judge each day by the harvest you reap but by the seeds that you plant.” - Robert Louis Stevenson
150. “Being defeated is often a temporary condition. Giving up is what makes it permanent.” - Marilyn Vos Savant
